Privacy Policy

This privacy notice  describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share (“process“) your information when you use our services (“Services“), such as when you: Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events.

Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at melodream30578@hotmail.com.

What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with Church of the Nazarene and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Click here to learn more.

Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process sensitive personal information.

Do you receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from third parties.

How do you process my information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Click here to learn more.

In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Click here to learn more.

How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Click here to learn more.

In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.

We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.  We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

Analytics partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data – We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.

Recipients of Personal Data – Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data under the definition of “sale” in state privacy laws (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes), subject to our players’ choices with respect to such “sale”, to the categories of third parties listed below:

Analytics partners.

Your Rights Regarding Personal Data – Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like SuperSonic. You may be able exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:

The right to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you.

The right to correct inaccuracies in the personal data we have collected about you.

The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling personal data, the categories of personal data that we have sold (including for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal data.

The right to request that we delete the personal data we maintain about you.

The right to opt out of our sale and sharing of your personal data, including for targeted advertising purposes. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.

We share information with:

Other advertising partners – for the purpose of receiving, or delivering, advertising campaigns from such advertising partners.

Our corporate affiliates – from which we receive services, such as IT, security, storage, and other internal operations.

Advertisers – for the purposes of attribution.

Analytics partners – for the purpose of receiving analytics services.

Service providers – We share your information with our service providers for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, analytics, reporting, and storage.