Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and protect your personal data. Please read this policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.

Respecting and protecting your privacy and your personal data is very important to us. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Service and any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis upon which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us will be processed by us or on our behalf.

We will review this Privacy Policy periodically, and reserve the right to modify and update it at any time. You acknowledge that we may make changes to this Privacy Policy and you should check back to this page from time to time to review this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy will come into effect immediately upon such changes being uploaded on our websites.


Depending on the type of personal data in question and the grounds on which we may be processing it, should you decline to provide us with such data, we may not be able to fulfil our contractual requirements or, in extreme cases, may not be able to continue with our relationship. We will inform you if your failure to provide any requested personal information is going to result in these consequences.

1. Terms

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.

2. Use License

This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;

use the materials for any other purpose that using the application;

attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on this web site;

remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy:

Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.

3. Cookies

In some instances a cookie is sent to your device that uniquely identifies the user when they log in. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features may not function properly without cookies.

We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.

We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.

We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.

Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.

We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

4. You can contact us at bernardbradford970424@gmail.com.